Better `install.md` section (#710)
kitconcept/volto-light-theme: docs/how-to-guides/install.md

};
```

```{versionadded} 18.29.1
```
```{versionadded} 19.0.0-alpha.10
```

> If you have these versions or later, you can declare it in the `package.json` file of your add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can declare the `@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` add-on in the {file}`package.json` file of your add-on for either of the respective major version lines in Volto:

- 18.29.1 or later
- 19.0.0-alpha.10 or later

The following snippet shows example configuration.
```

Author: "as a theme" is missing. I will commit this, and amend it.

```{code-block} json
:caption: {file}`packages/<name_of_addon>/package.json`
{
  "addons": [
    // other add-ons installed above the declaration of VLT
    // VLT _must_ be the last one declared
    "@kitconcept/volto-light-theme",
  ],
  "theme": "@kitconcept/volto-light-theme",
  //... other configuration ...
}
```

## VLT recommended add-ons

`@kitconcept/volto-light-theme` supports all core blocks and it also supports blocks from selected Volto add-ons.
The recommended add-ons are listed in the {doc}`../reference/recommended-addons` section.

### Install add-ons as dependencies (VLT 8.0.0 and later)

```{versionadded} 8.0.0-alpha.0
```

VLT 8.0.0 no longer includes the recommended add-ons as `peerDependencies` in {file}`package.json`.
This means that you will need to install them manually if you want to use them in your project.

> You should install the recommended add-ons as dependencies in your project add-on {file}`packages/<name_of_addon>/package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should install the recommended add-ons as dependencies in your project's add-on {file}`packages/<name_of_addon>/package.json`.
```
